{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid302\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17600\viewh12380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Project 1, Final Grade
\b0\fs24 \
\
Your grade is out of 100 points; 50 points from Grader 1 + 50 points from\
Grader 2.\
\
Every item on the rubric is ranked as excellent, good, fair, poor, or missing.\
We assign points based on the rating.\
\
If you believe we have made a mistake, please see the syllabus for the regrade request process.\
A regrade request for a trivial amount of points is a waste of time for you, me, and the TAs. Please be respectful of our time and the work we put into grading everyone in the class equally and fairly.\
\

\b\fs30 Rubric
\fs24 \

\b0 \

\fs30 \ul Use of external resources
\fs24 \ulnone \

\i\fs26 All external resources\'92 sources are easily identified and cited 
\b [-0]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\

\fs30 \ul Design process and rationale 
\b (18/18)
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Good descriptions of potential audiences and design goals. [
\b 5/5
\b0 ]
\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\i0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've clearly identified the target audience of your website and how that ties in with the purpose of your website.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Justifications of design decisions based on audience needs, class concepts and other principles, examples and cases, and arguments around aesthetics and usability\'97especially for unusual choices. 
\b [5/5]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've declared the design decisions you've made, including colors, nav bar layout, and general layout, as well as why you've made those decisions\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've mentioned previous design decisions and alternative decisions that you've ultimately decided not to follow with and why, especially in regards to user testing\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i Learning from testing. 
\b [5/5]\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\i0\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've mentioned how your user testers have operated with the tasks involving your website and if they were successful or not\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've mentioned how these reactions have caused you to make changes to your website concerning content and organization\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Adequate writing\'97bullets are okay if well-used, but the writing has to be clear either way. 
\b [3/3]
\i0\b0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs30 \ul Design quality 
\b (11/12)
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Follows visual design principles
\b  [4/4]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Your website design shows that you've considered the aesthetic of the website and how your choices follow basic design principles\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Considerations for color theme, navigation, and organization met and understandable visually.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The use of wide margins between elements makes me have to jump across the page to see content, which disrupts the flow of information. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Follows navigation/information design principles 
\b [3/4]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Your website navigation is reasonable, with no dead links or unreachable pages\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Easy to tell where I am in the website\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Information seems somewhat lacking in several parts of your website, such as on your past performances subpages. Perhaps you could have shown more than just images with these performances? Perhaps, for example, location, time, performers, list of songs, or even the album cover that you used for each performance? Just having images and/or a video makes me curious to know more information about each performance that isn't really there.  
\b -1
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Pleasant to look at and use 
\b [4/4]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Website is visually interesting and navigation isn't too difficult\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Navigation bar placement designed such that it does not impede the main content of the website\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Content easy to identify via subdividing blocks of text, color, and borders, as well as using box shadows\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Because of the wide margins between elements, this causes the blue background to appear more than you probably intended. This visually strains the users' eyes, which can impede the aesthetic of the website. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs30 \ul Technical quality 
\b (14/14)
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Readable and well-structured HTML and CSS 
\b [6/6]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Coding structure in CSS and HTML is perfectly fine and easy to identify child and parent elements.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Correctly validating HTML5 and CSS3 
\b [6/6]
\i0\b0 \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i Cross-browser compatible 
\b [2/2]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs30 \ul Overall quality/above and beyond 
\b (5/6)
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 ~3 for each that feels like it applies in a reasonable way, 
\b max grade 50
\b0 .
\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i Rationale: Particularly thoughtful rationale, clear mastery of class concepts, extra-good job of testing, direct references to tradeoffs and alternatives. 
\b [3/3]
\i0\b0 \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i Design: Creative and interesting, good metaphore/theme, engaging, unusual choices that work, visually interesting 
\b [2/3]\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1
\i0\b0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Visually interesting and unusual choice of gradients. However, organization of content somewhat impedes visual aesthetic and content flow.  
\b -1
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\fs30 \ul Final Total & Comments\

\b \ulnone Score: 48/50
\b0\fs24 \
Great job with this first project. You've clearly demonstrated that you've considered audience needs and your theme when designing your website, and your HTML code doesn't produce errors. Your website is visually creative and, for the most part, pleasant to use. Your rationale clearly describes the changes you've made since Milestone 3 and how your user testing has affected that process. Your design description adequately describes your design decisions and I can understand where you're coming from in terms of your website's purpose and theme. However, there are some styling decisions that do impede on your overall aesthetic and the lack of content on pages where I've expected them have led to deductions in points. Focusing on styling is important! But content given and/or implied by your website structure and design is also important. Please make these considerations in the future. I'm glad you're focusing so much on styling though!\
}