{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red202\green202\blue202;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17600\viewh12380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Project 1, Final Grade
\b0\fs24 \
\
Your grade is out of 100 points; 50 points from Grader 1 + 50 points from\
Grader 2.\
\
Every item on the rubric is ranked as excellent, good, fair, poor, or missing.\
We assign points based on the rating.\
\
If you believe we have made a mistake, please see the syllabus for the regrade request process.\
A regrade request for a trivial amount of points is a waste of time for you, me, and the TAs. Please be respectful of our time and the work we put into grading everyone in the class equally and fairly.\
\

\b\fs30 Rubric
\fs24 \

\b0 \

\fs30 \ul Use of external resources
\fs24 \ulnone \

\i\fs26 All external resources\'92 sources are easily identified and cited 
\b [-0]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\

\fs30 \ul Design process and rationale 
\b (17/18)
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Good descriptions of potential audiences and design goals. [
\b 5/5
\b0 ]
\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\i0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've clearly identified the target audience of your website and how that ties in with the purpose of your website.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Justifications of design decisions based on audience needs, class concepts and other principles, examples and cases, and arguments around aesthetics and usability\'97especially for unusual choices. 
\b [4/5]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've declared the design decisions you've made, including colors, nav bar layout, and general layout, as well as why you've made some of those decisions\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've mentioned previous design decisions and alternative decisions that you've ultimately decided not to follow with and why, especially in regards to user testing\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}I felt that your rationale was overly concerned with certain elements such as what you've done for your navigation bar features, content, and color and did not address other design choices for your website. For example, I am curious as to why you've chosen the font-family for your website, why the white-on-dark-grey evokes an emotional response, and why you squared your images and videos. 
\b  -1
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i Learning from testing. 
\b [5/5]\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\i0\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've mentioned at some points how testers have reacted to certain elements of your website\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've mentioned how these reactions have caused you to make changes to your website concerning content and organization\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Adequate writing\'97bullets are okay if well-used, but the writing has to be clear either way. 
\b [3/3]
\i0\b0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs30 \ul Design quality 
\b (9/12)
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Follows visual design principles
\b  [3/4]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Your website design shows that you've considered the aesthetic of the website and how your choices follow basic design principles\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Considerations for color theme, navigation, and organization met and understandable visually.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The size of the blocks of content on your website affords for more attention to your content, but at the same time it imposes a limitation in that it emphasizes the empty space BETWEEN your blocks of content. This is primarily caused by your floating of your content to either the left or right, leaving the center to be completely open especially on wider monitors.  
\b -1
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Follows navigation/information design principles 
\b [3/4]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Your website navigation is reasonable, with no dead links or unreachable pages\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Generally, as a rule of thumb, websites must have a sort of "flow" of information that lets the user's eyes easily move through your content. The floating of the contents to the left or right and leaving a gap in the middle breaks this flow of information as I have to jump from the left to right to look at your two columns of content. This causes some strain on the user and makes navigating the content of your page somewhat harder  
\b -1
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Pleasant to look at and use 
\b [3/4]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Navigation is relatively simple and easy to understand\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Navigation bar placement designed such that it does not impede the main content of the website\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The back to top button is a good addition, but it is impeded by the footer at the bottom where the footer overlaps with the return-to-top button and makes it unclickable. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Content easy to identify via subdividing blocks of text, color, and borders\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Some design choices such as font-family and floating left/right cause strain on the visual nature of your website  
\b -1
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs30 \ul Technical quality 
\b (13/14)
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Readable and well-structured HTML and CSS 
\b [5/6]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Coding structure, without indentation, makes it hard to identify which elements are parents of which child elements. We generally use indentation to identify which elements are inside which elements or how elements are related to each other  
\b -1
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Correctly validating HTML5 and CSS3 
\b [6/6]
\i0\b0 \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i Cross-browser compatible 
\b [2/2]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs30 \ul Overall quality/above and beyond 
\b (6/6)
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 ~3 for each that feels like it applies in a reasonable way, 
\b max grade 50
\b0 .
\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i Rationale: Particularly thoughtful rationale, clear mastery of class concepts, extra-good job of testing, direct references to tradeoffs and alternatives. 
\b [3/3]\
\ls4\ilvl0
\i0\b0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}Scope: Site is ambitious (and good) in terms of scope/content 
\b [3/3]
\f2\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs30 \ul Final Total & Comments\

\b \ulnone Score: 45/50
\b0\fs24 \
Great job with this first project. You've clearly demonstrated that you've considered audience needs when designing your website, and your HTML code doesn't produce errors. Your website is informative and, for the most part, fun to use, despite a few hiccups. Your rationale clearly describes the changes you've made since Milestone 3 and how your user testing has affected that process, but unfortunately it leaves out details about other design choices that I wanted to know more about. Your design description adequately describes your design decisions and I can understand where you're coming from in terms of your website's purpose and theme. \
\
For the most part, I was hoping that you would explain most or all of the decisions behind your design. You've done that well for some features, but there are some features that are puzzling to me. In the next rationales, you should focus on the whole scope of your website and the designs behind it, not on the specifics. One way to do this is to identify 1) The most obvious design aspects of your website (i.e. fonts, color, layout, navigation, and organization) and then focus on specifics (i.e. hover functions, back-to-top buttons, image usage). In the end, focus on the broad design of the website then delve into specifics.\
\
From your rationale, you've clearly explained that you've had a hard time trying to determine your target audience. I think it is because of this that you've opted to focus more on the features of your website and how your users interact with the website rather than explaining in more detail how your design caters to your finalized target audience. For example, you say that your finalized target audience is people that might know you but aren't friends. Despite this, you did not add some way to identify who you are such as a photo, credentials, education, or hobbies. Without some way to identify you, how will these people know that you are Onur Saglam (aside from your first name on the homepage)? Focus more on what the audience might want to get out of your website, and I think that will help you on your future projects. Other pages to consider are a profile page, or maybe a hobbies page that shows what extracurriculars you love to do or what you do in your free time.\
\
Regardless of all that I've said above, I still think you did an excellent job on this project. You have the mind of a visual designer and I hope that you'll improve over time as we move through the next milestones and projects! Good luck!\
}