{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17600\viewh12380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Project 1, Final Grade
\b0\fs24 \
\
Your grade is out of 100 points; 50 points from Grader 1 + 50 points from\
Grader 2.\
\
Every item on the rubric is ranked as excellent, good, fair, poor, or missing.\
We assign points based on the rating.\
\
If you believe we have made a mistake, please see the syllabus for the regrade request process.\
A regrade request for a trivial amount of points is a waste of time for you, me, and the TAs. Please be respectful of our time and the work we put into grading everyone in the class equally and fairly.\
\

\b\fs30 Rubric
\fs24 \

\b0 \

\fs30 \ul Use of external resources
\fs24 \ulnone \

\i\fs26 All external resources\'92 sources are easily identified and cited 
\b [-0]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\

\fs30 \ul Design process and rationale 
\b (18/18)
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Good descriptions of potential audiences and design goals. [
\b 5/5
\b0 ]
\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\i0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've clearly identified the target audience of your website and how that ties in with the purpose of your website.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Justifications of design decisions based on audience needs, class concepts and other principles, examples and cases, and arguments around aesthetics and usability\'97especially for unusual choices. 
\b [5/5]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've declared the design decisions you've made, including colors, home page layout & content, and general layout, as well as why you've made those decisions\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've mentioned previous design decisions and alternative decisions that you've ultimately decided not to follow with and why, especially in regards to user testing\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i Learning from testing. 
\b [5/5]\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\i0\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've mentioned how your user testers have operated with the tasks involving your website and if they were successful or not\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've mentioned how these reactions have caused you to make changes to your website concerning content and organization\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Adequate writing\'97bullets are okay if well-used, but the writing has to be clear either way. 
\b [3/3]
\i0\b0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs30 \ul Design quality 
\b (12/12)
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Follows visual design principles
\b  [4/4]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Your website design shows that you've considered the aesthetic of the website and how your choices follow basic design principles\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Considerations for color theme, navigation, and organization met and understandable visually.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Follows navigation/information design principles 
\b [4/4]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Your website navigation is reasonable, with no dead links or unreachable pages\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Easy to tell where I am in the website\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Pleasant to look at and use 
\b [4/4]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Website is visually interesting and navigation isn't difficult\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Navigation bar placement designed such that it does not impede the main content of the website\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Content easy to identify via headers and spacing between text\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Text and links are easy to read due to considerations from feedback about hyperlink appearance.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Using your logo as a hyperlink back to your homepage sensible\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs30 \ul Technical quality 
\b (13/14)
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Readable and well-structured HTML and CSS 
\b [6/6]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Coding structure in CSS and HTML is perfectly fine and easy to identify child and parent elements.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Correctly validating HTML5 and CSS3 
\b [5/6]\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1
\i0\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\fs24 Error in "workx.html" - stray end </div> tag found
\fs26 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i Cross-browser compatible 
\b [2/2]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs30 \ul Overall quality/above and beyond 
\b (6/6)
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 ~3 for each that feels like it applies in a reasonable way, 
\b max grade 50
\b0 .
\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf0 \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i Rationale: Particularly thoughtful rationale, clear mastery of class concepts, extra-good job of testing, direct references to tradeoffs and alternatives. 
\b [3/3]
\i0\b0 \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i Finish: Overall, site feels polished and complete 
\b [3/3]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\fs30 \ul Final Total & Comments\

\b \ulnone Score: 49/50
\b0\fs24 \
Great job with this first project. You've clearly demonstrated that you've considered audience needs and your theme when designing your website, and your HTML code doesn't produce errors with the exception of that stray </div> tag. Your website is informative and, for the most part, pleasant to use. Your coding is easy to read through. Your rationale clearly describes the changes you've made since Milestone 3 and how your user testing has affected that process. Your design description adequately describes your design decisions and I can understand where you're coming from in terms of your website's purpose and theme. \
\
Next time though, please watch out for validation errors!\
\
In terms of if the website fits your desired theme of professionalism and creative, I think it works... for the most part. What is somewhat conflicting is that, despite you saying that you wish for the design to be sleek, creative, and professional at the same time, most of your text content in your website is displayed like a word document, if you know what I mean. When I look at pages like "Work Experience" and "Leadership Positions", the text looks very plain and it feels like I'm reading a segment of your resume, and this doesn't really lend credence to your desire to show your creativity. It's definitely professional, but it's TOO professional. I think you've noticed this as well when you've mentioned that your design "is a little simplistic", which is GREAT (not great, per se, but you know what I mean) because you're noticing that some of your design decisions might not match with your expectations. It shows that you're seeing places where you can improve your website by your own admission, and that's a good skill for a web developer to have since many developers tend to grow close to their designs and cannot see places for potential improvement or any flaws. \
\
As for your homepage, I think it would be a better idea for the images themselves to be links. When people often connect links with images, they expect that the whole image will be clickable, especially since you've signified the fact that the image connects to a link via the hover CSS. As for the placement of the text, maybe have them separate from the image below the image? The block of text placed within the image is sort of a distraction of what's going on in the image; this is more of a quirk of me being a photographer, so take my words with a grain of salt. \
\
I had a great time seeing your website progression for this project, and I hope you continue to show the same kind of dedication throughout the rest of the semester!\
}