{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17600\viewh12380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Project 1, Final Grade
\b0\fs24 \
\
Your grade is out of 100 points; 50 points from Grader 1 + 50 points from\
Grader 2.\
\
Every item on the rubric is ranked as excellent, good, fair, poor, or missing.\
We assign points based on the rating.\
\
If you believe we have made a mistake, please see the syllabus for the regrade request process.\
A regrade request for a trivial amount of points is a waste of time for you, me, and the TAs. Please be respectful of our time and the work we put into grading everyone in the class equally and fairly.\
\

\b\fs30 Rubric
\fs24 \

\b0 \

\fs30 \ul Use of external resources
\fs24 \ulnone \

\i\fs26 All external resources\'92 sources are easily identified and cited 
\b [-0]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\

\fs30 \ul Design process and rationale 
\b (18/18)
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Good descriptions of potential audiences and design goals. [
\b 5/5
\b0 ]
\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\i0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've clearly identified the target audience of your website and how that ties in with the purpose of your website.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Justifications of design decisions based on audience needs, class concepts and other principles, examples and cases, and arguments around aesthetics and usability\'97especially for unusual choices. 
\b [5/5]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've declared the design decisions you've made, including layout, and legibility, and color as well as why you've made those decisions\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've mentioned previous design decisions and alternative content that you've ultimately decided not to follow with and why, especially in regards to user testing and workload\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i Learning from testing. 
\b [5/5]\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\i0\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've mentioned how your user testers have operated with the tasks involving your website and their feedback on layout and content\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've mentioned how these reactions have caused you to make changes to your website concerning content and organization\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Adequate writing\'97bullets are okay if well-used, but the writing has to be clear either way. 
\b [3/3]
\i0\b0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs30 \ul Design quality 
\b (11/12)
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Follows visual design principles
\b  [4/4]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Your website design shows that you've considered the aesthetic of the website and how your choices follow basic design principles\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Considerations for color theme, navigation, and organization met and understandable visually.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Follows navigation/information design principles 
\b [3/4]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Your website navigation is reasonable, with no dead links or unreachable pages\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The long length of your webpages had made navigation somewhat difficult within the page. I think the big issue wasn't that users couldn't navigate to the nav bar easily but more that users might have some difficulty interpreting the text of your page due to a webpage's sheer length. Perhaps this could have been solved with a fixed subnavigation box that let you jump to parts within a webpage? Or have a subnavigation bar at the top that let you jump to a specific part of the page?  
\b -1
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Pleasant to look at and use 
\b [4/4]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Website is visually interesting and navigation isn't too difficult\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Navigation bar placement designed such that it does not impede the main content of the website\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Content easy to identify via subdividing blocks of text and color, as well as using multiple paragraphs and images\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Text is easy to read due to styling of width and font size.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs30 \ul Technical quality 
\b (14/14)
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Readable and well-structured HTML and CSS 
\b [6/6]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Coding structure in CSS and HTML is perfectly fine and easy to identify child and parent elements.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Correctly validating HTML5 and CSS3 
\b [6/6]
\i0\b0 \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i Cross-browser compatible 
\b [2/2]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs30 \ul Overall quality/above and beyond 
\b (6/6)
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 ~3 for each that feels like it applies in a reasonable way, 
\b max grade 50
\b0 .
\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf0 \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i Rationale: Particularly thoughtful rationale, clear mastery of class concepts, extra-good job of testing, direct references to tradeoffs and alternatives. 
\b [3/3]
\i0\b0 \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i Finish: Overall, site feels polished and complete 
\b [3/3]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\fs30 \ul Final Total & Comments\

\b \ulnone Score: 49/50
\b0\fs24 \
Great job with this first project. You've clearly demonstrated that you've considered audience needs and your theme when designing your website, and your HTML code doesn't produce errors. Your website is informative and, for the most part, pleasant to use. Your coding is easy to read through due to indenting and new-lining. Your rationale describes the changes you've made since Milestone 3 and how your user testing has affected that process. Your design description adequately describes your design decisions and I can understand where you're coming from in terms of your website's purpose and theme. \
\
There are some things I wish for you to consider, however:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}Please do not leave your previous milestone content within your submission such as your Milestone 3 Rationale remaining within your final submission; this actually confused me for a second because I thought your final rationale was your Milestone 3 rationale.\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}Make sure to name your main CSS file as "all.css"! We cannot stress this enough.\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}When it comes to long stretches of page length, what counts is that users do not feel like they get lost in your page. If you have a page with multiple sections, perhaps consider subnavigation bars! They're relatively easy to implement and can let users both see what kind of content is on a page and let them easily access them via in-page links. Or perhaps consider the infamous "back to top" link that long pages sometimes have. Nothing wrong with having a secondary nav bar at the bottom of the page though; that was a pretty smart move considering your options.\
}