{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid302\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17600\viewh12380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Project 1, Final Grade
\b0\fs24 \
\
Your grade is out of 100 points; 50 points from Grader 1 + 50 points from\
Grader 2.\
\
Every item on the rubric is ranked as excellent, good, fair, poor, or missing.\
We assign points based on the rating.\
\
If you believe we have made a mistake, please see the syllabus for the regrade request process.\
A regrade request for a trivial amount of points is a waste of time for you, me, and the TAs. Please be respectful of our time and the work we put into grading everyone in the class equally and fairly.\
\

\b\fs30 Rubric
\fs24 \

\b0 \

\fs30 \ul Use of external resources
\fs24 \ulnone \

\i\fs26 All external resources\'92 sources are easily identified and cited 
\b [-0]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\

\fs30 \ul Design process and rationale 
\b (18/18)
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Good descriptions of potential audiences and design goals. [
\b 5/5
\b0 ]
\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\i0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've clearly identified the target audience of your website and how that ties in with the purpose of your website.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Justifications of design decisions based on audience needs, class concepts and other principles, examples and cases, and arguments around aesthetics and usability\'97especially for unusual choices. 
\b [5/5]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've declared the design decisions you've made, including colors, nav bar layout, and general layout, as well as why you've made those decisions\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've mentioned previous design decisions and alternative decisions that you've ultimately decided not to follow with and why, especially in regards to user testing\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Images clarify previous versions of your website and how your website has evolved over time due to feedback.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i Learning from testing. 
\b [5/5]\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\i0\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've mentioned how your user testers have operated with the tasks involving your website and if they were successful or not\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You've mentioned how these reactions have caused you to make changes to your website concerning content and organization\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Adequate writing\'97bullets are okay if well-used, but the writing has to be clear either way. 
\b [3/3]
\i0\b0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs30 \ul Design quality 
\b (11/12)
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Follows visual design principles
\b  [4/4]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Your website design shows that you've considered the aesthetic of the website and how your choices follow basic design principles\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Considerations for color theme, navigation, and organization met and understandable visually.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Follows navigation/information design principles 
\b [4/4]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Your website navigation is reasonable, with no dead links or unreachable pages\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Easy to tell where I am in the website due to resizing of navigation bar tab that corresponds to current page.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Pleasant to look at and use 
\b [3/4]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Website is visually interesting and navigation isn't difficult\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Navigation bar placement designed such that it does not impede the main content of the website\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Content easy to identify via subdividing blocks of text and color\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Images are big and easy to look at; added bonus to the enlargening of the images for clearer view\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The hover->enlargement CSS of your website can cause some of your website to jitter or move due to changing element sizes. This can cause some confusion and/or frustration because the webpage jumps around when users may not expect it to. This can impede the user experience and usability  
\b -1
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs30 \ul Technical quality 
\b (13/14)
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Readable and well-structured HTML and CSS 
\b [5/6]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Coding structure in CSS and HTML is perfectly fine and easy to identify child and parent elements.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Stylesheets must be placed within a separate folder, with your main CSS file named "all.css"  
\b -1
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i\fs26 Correctly validating HTML5 and CSS3 
\b [6/6]
\i0\b0 \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i Cross-browser compatible 
\b [2/2]
\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs30 \ul Overall quality/above and beyond 
\b (5/6)
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 ~3 for each that feels like it applies in a reasonable way, 
\b max grade 50
\b0 .
\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i Rationale: Particularly thoughtful rationale, clear mastery of class concepts, extra-good job of testing, direct references to tradeoffs and alternatives. 
\b [3/3]
\i0\b0 \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}
\i Design: creative and interesting, good metaphor/theme, engaging, unusual choices that work, visually interesting 
\b [2/3]\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1
\i0\b0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The enlargening of images and focused content is an engaging property of your website... but it may impede usability at some level  
\b -1
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\fs30 \ul Final Total & Comments\

\b \ulnone Score: 47/50
\b0\fs24 \
Great job with this first project. You've clearly demonstrated that you've considered audience needs and your theme when designing your website, and your HTML code doesn't produce errors. Your website is informative and, for the most part, pleasant to use. Your coding is easy to read through due to an adequate use of indenting to identify parent and child elements. Your rationale clearly describes the changes you've made since Milestone 3 and how your user testing has affected that process. Your design description adequately describes your design decisions and I can understand where you're coming from in terms of your website's purpose and theme. \
\
There are some things that I think you should think about, however;\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}Please put all CSS content into their own folder. We cannot stress this enough!\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}The Hover --> Enlargement aspect of your website works well in some areas... and falters in others. In cases where this CSS aspect may cause some annoyance or usability issues, I would recommend that you potentially branch out and see how you can use the Hover CSS to its full potential. For example, instead of making your navigation tabs bigger when you hover over them, maybe make them have a margin-top of some value so that they push downward? That will also indicate the hovering aspect and not affect the location of the user on your website, assuming that considerations have been made for this with other CSS. There are many things you can do with the Hover CSS! Try experimenting with it and see how different styling changes can change user interaction with elements of your website. \
}